feat: normal rule for the pricing block pattern (#5613)
canonical/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/pricing-block/index.md

View example of the single pricing block
</a></div>

## Block with a normal rule

> A pricing block with the <a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#default">default variant</a> of the rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pricing block with a<a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#default">default rule</a> at the top
```

I would suggest we use "default rule" instead of "default variant of the rule" as it makes it clearer that we are referring to the rule component itself, not a variant of this pattern, and it's also more consistent with the language you've used for the other rule variants

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/patterns/pricing-block/block-with-normal-rule" class="js-example" data-lang="jinja">
View example of the pricing block with a normal rule
</a></div>

## Block with description and a highlighted rule

> A pricing block with description and a <a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#highlighted">highlighted rule</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pricing block with description and a <a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#highlighted">highlighted rule</a> at the top
```
be more specific about the rule's location

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/patterns/pricing-block/block-with-description-and-highlighted-rule" class="js-example" data-lang="jinja">
View example of the pricing block with description and a highlighted rule
</a></div>

## Block without description and a muted rule

> A pricing block with a <a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#muted">muted rule</a> and no description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pricing block with a <a href="https://vanillaframework.io/docs/patterns/rule#muted">muted rule</a> at the top and no description
```
be more specific about the rule's location
